# How do I code? (I don't know how to program.)
Below are some useful links for learning programming. If you get stuck, don't be afraid to ask us questions in  our [development discord](https://discord.gg/zXk2cyhzPN). If you can't find what you're looking for in one of these links, try googling "how to do X in csharp". You'll usually find several examples.

If you have some experience (read: understand things like "classes" and "control flow") and would rather learn by doing, try looking at the issues on [the Github](https://github.com/Goob-Station/Goob-Station/issues) on the Github repo. They are usually pretty simple and someone can always help you out on the Discord if you're lost.

You may have come here simply wanting to add items. It's possible to do that without learning how to program, though you'll be limited in what kind of functionality you can give them. You will still need to learn git to add items however! Really, if you are doing *anything* in Goob Station other than maybe editing docs or wikis, you should absolutely learn git. With that out of the way, here is the quick list of links you need to learn how to add items: [learn git](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/setup/howdoicode.html#git), [set up a development environment](https://docs.goobstation.com/en/general-development/setup/setting-up-a-development-environment.html), and then follow the classic [Bike Horn tutorial](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/ss14-by-example/adding-a-simple-bikehorn.html).

### Learning Resources

**[CS50 | Harvard](https://cs50.harvard.edu/)**
Teaches computer programming and how computers work. Covers a broad swathe of topics (different languages like C and Python, algorithms, memory, etc). To oversimplify: learning things like "for loops" and "if statements" teaches you how to talk the talk. Breaking down why algorithms work, the differences between programming languages, actually writing programs to solve puzzles, etc. is the "walk the walk" part. You can get started without this and pick it up naturally over time, but it's a slower process. I highly recommend 

**[Wizden Docs | Wizard's Den](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/setup/howdoicode.html)**
Provides a great list of other resources you can use to learn C#, git, programming in general, and general SS14 development (including YAML, setting up a development environment, et cetera). Do note however there are a few minor things Goob devs will disagree on, or that you need to know in addition to wizden's teachings (obviously, why else does this wiki exist?!) and if you want to develop for Goob (why else are you here) you should note them. So I recommend you don't just open up Wizden's docs and *completely* abandon Goob's forever if you want to contribute to Goob, or a fork of Goob.
